hey youtube IGN motors here and today
I'm going to show you how to mod the
maps wait a second mod the maps
ascension call of the dead five keno and
chingola so what you do is you open up
shores on my computer's a little slow so
take a while ago now would you do that
hold that um you go and you put the
title the title update 8 and drag it
into the space and then you press save
to device flash drive nude share this
we're successfully transferred you close
that close that and then you open up
this little tab here you go to gamer
profiles you find your profile you go
into the game save and all of these will
be then the think in the disc
description and you drag the save game
with the pith you tagged save game into
your profile and then you say you must
do this you have to use this profile
click click that yeah my vehicle
existent put in there and then that
should pop up and then that is it you
and then you are ma
you go into xbox load up call duty black
ops and then you choose your map the map
that you modded and they should work all
the way that should just be activated
once you stuff that the game so if this
helped you like this video if it didn't
help feel free to leave a comment and I
might be able to to help you guys and
yeah and I wasn't remember to subscribe